Add News page and some initial posts (#18)
djangocon/2023.djangocon.eu: _posts/2023-01-31-why-speak-at-djangocon-europe.md

Do you have an idea, but you're not sure how to turn it into a proposal?

Does the idea of getting up on the DjangoCon Europe stage seem daunting?

If so, we'd like to reassure you that yes, you should submit your proposal, and we have
some help for you!

First, have a read of [Sasha's blog post](https://web.archive.org/web/20190625135013/https://www.mxsasha.eu/blog/2015/03/11/why-you-should-speak/){:target="_blank"} on why you should speak at DjangoCon Europe!

Now that we've convinced you that you should speak, watch [Mark's talk](https://youtu.be/4rsL974kwsE) on how to get on the DjangoCon Europe stage and what do you when you get there!

<div class="responsive-embed widescreen">
  <iframe width="917" height="516" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/4rsL974kwsE" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

The [Call for Proposals](https://pretalx.com/djangocon-europe-2023/cfp) is open until 26th February 2023 [AoE](https://time.is/compare/2359_26_February_2023_in_Anywhere_on_Earth).

> If you have questions, get in touch with the content team: [content@djangocon.eu](mailto:content@djangocon.eu).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have questions, get in touch with the content team: [{{ site.content_email }}](mailto:{{ site.content_email }}).
```
